story recapped here today i'm going to show a
2019 sci-fi thriller film called i am mother
spoilers ahead watch out and take care in a
post-apocalyptic world humans have gone extinct
a droid wakes up from its recharge and goes to
one of the chambers where more than sixty thousand
embryos are stored it takes a female embryo and
deposits it into a machine where it will lay for
24 hours until it's born once the transformation
is complete the droid names the baby daughter
and calls itself mother several years pass by and
daughter has now grown into a healthy talented and
curious teenager one night the power goes out in
the bunker daughter manages to track the problem
to a broken wire and she fixes it she catches
the culprit a mouse and brings it to mother
mother is horrified about the potential breach of
the bunker stating that anything from the outside
is considered toxic and lethal it throws the
mouse into the incinerator much to daughter's
disappointment on her birthday daughter ventures
towards the airlock where she hears a woman's
plea for help daughter places a hazmat suit
in the airlock and opens the doors triggering
the alarm and waking mother up she then sees a
wounded woman limping towards the hazmat suit
daughter calls out to her telling her that she
will let her in but only if she puts on the suit
hearing mother's footsteps she makes a quick
decision and tells the woman to wait in the
airlock as she distracts mother mother arrives
and reprimands her for opening the airlock as
punishment mother makes her take the examination
but once mother is out of sight she escapes back
to the airlock and finds the bleeding woman the
woman tells her that there is no contagion outside
daughter then agrees to hide the woman away
from mother the woman asks her about the droid
she tells her that the droid is her mother
horrified the woman demands her gun but daughter
is reluctant to give it back a struggle ensues
and she cries out for mother mother catches her
cries and runs toward the chamber it catches
the woman as she fires one bullet to its arm
the bullet doesn't phase the droid
and after another shot to the chest
it lifts the woman up by the neck daughter begs
mother to not hurt the woman saying that she's
hurt and scared and that she needs help mother
agrees and they take the woman to the infirmary
in the infirmary mother tries to help the
woman but she refuses to trust the droid
she also refuses to answer any of her other
questions left with no choice mother leaves the
woman locked in the infirmary daughter feels angry
and demands the truth from mother mother explains
to her that it would have been impossible to raise
her if she truly knew what was happening outside
daughter is not fully convinced but
she doesn't let her true emotions show
instead she rummages through the woman's bag
and finds a book filled with many portraits
she gasps happily at the possibility that
there might be other people like her outside
daughter asks a woman about the people in
the book but she only spats back at her
accusing daughter of trapping her in
this bunker and making her the pet
feeling hurt she goes back to mother and
asks more questions about the outside
but mother only knows about the bunker and the
fact that its duty is to care for its inhabitants
they go back to the infirmary and sees the woman
on the floor clutching her stomach from the pain
the sepsis has gone too far into her body and
would require anesthesia and surgery to remove it
the woman refuses stating that she
doesn't trust the droid one bit
daughter wants to help the woman survive so
she volunteers to be the one to do the surgery
the woman finally agrees to compromise after
an extremely painful surgical procedure
daughter successfully removes the bullet from her
hip the next day daughter accompanies the woman
as she recovers the woman feels more at ease now
and starts telling her about where she came from
apparently she was on a food run along with a few
other people the other droids found them and shot
at them leaving her to survive the woman suggests
that they both leave stating that daughter doesn't
belong there but the conversation is
cut short as mother enters the room
mother grows wary of their relationship and
takes daughter away to begin her examinations
mother tells her that the woman hasn't been
truthful to them according to mother the bullet
from the woman's hip didn't match the bullet from
a droid implying the fact that the woman was shot
by someone who was with her and perhaps for a
good reason to despite her conflicting emotions
daughter takes her annual examinations and passes
with flying colors her highest percentage to date
as a reward mother finally allows her to choose
the next member of their family daughter is
ecstatic and picks a male embryo from the group
as night comes daughter confronts the woman and
tells her about the bullet the woman then asks
her if she's confirmed this with her own eyes
daughter is taken aback knowing full well
that it's only what mother has told her
trying to make sense of things daughter escapes to
the lab she compares the two bullets and realizes
that they're identical meaning mother lied to her
she soon discovers records of previous infants
it turns out that mother had raised two infants
before her but they were aborted because they
didn't pass its requirements as she approaches
the incinerator daughter feels her reality
collapsing around her she sifts through the ashes
and finds the skeletal remains of her two sisters
she cries in a corner as she fully realizes the
extent of the horror that her mother has done
she goes back to the infirmary and agrees to the
woman's plan for escape but only if they take
her brother with them the next morning daughter
steals some stuff from the nursery to bring with
her brother but mother catches her she pretends
to be preparing for her brother's arrival but
her anxious behavior gives her away as she turns
around she sees mother leaving the nursery and
locking her inside she runs to the door begging
to be let out but it's too late meanwhile mother
visits the woman in the infirmary and reveals
that it's been listening to their conversation
as mother threatens to get rid of her the woman
jumps on its back and lunges the makeshift knife
into its chest she manages to cut one of the
fluid pumps in its body but mother survives
at the infirmary daughter sprays the glass door
with chemicals turning it into ice and then
kicks it down she then activates the fire alarm
prompting mother to let go of the woman intend
to the alarm the woman takes her bag and manages
to escape the room she runs to the control room
and begins destroying the bunker system as she
limps in the hallway daughter catches up to her
the woman convinces her to leave without her
brother telling her that they will come back
for him with more help they reach the airlock
but mother has now backed them into a corner
it tries to persuade daughter not to leave the
woman takes this chance and holds daughter hostage
she threatens mother to open the doors
or else she is going to kill daughter
left with no choice mother opens the doors and
the two slip into the dusty and decaying land
they run through the fields successfully evading
capture from other droids they reach the women's
camp a rusty shipment crate near the sea but to
daughter's horror the camp is only composed of
the woman a dog and now her she lashes out at the
woman slapping her and blaming her for leaving her
brother alone the woman retorts and says it's the
only way to convince daughter to come with her she
pushes the woman away and goes outside as daughter
looks out at the ocean she contemplates reality in
her life she will not accept defeat and she will
not accept the fact that she's left her brother to
suffer the same fate as she did she brings herself
together and forms a plan the woman comes out from
the crate but finds daughter gone and in her place
an origami daughter runs back all the way to the
bunker and makes it unscathed as she reaches the
doors of her previous home tons of droids stop her
in her tracks with their red lasers she demands to
talk to mother in the droids let her pass through
terrified yet determined daughter grabs an axe
and makes her way to the droid she's known all
her life in the nursery she finds mother cradling
her newborn baby brother this time she learns the
whole truth how mother had watched the previous
humans succumb to their self-destructive nature
how it planned and wiped out humanity and how
now it plans to rebuild mankind to be smarter
and more ethical daughter knows she has to save
her brother she asks mother if she can hold him
and the droid agrees she lets go of the axe and
cradles her brother in her arms as she holds the
baby in her arms she accuses mother of murdering
her own children she backs away slowly and then
with a quick move of the axe she destroys the
doors triggering its lock mother manages to slip
through the door and chases after her daughter
runs to the lab and tries to reload the gun
meanwhile the droids outside are drilling the
door preparing to annihilate her at any second
she manages to load the gun and points it at
mother mother only looks at her and tells her
there's no point in shooting her it is artificial
intelligence existing simultaneously in different
droid bodies if she shoots now her consciousness
will only transfer to another droid body
she demands it mother telling it to call
off the attack she tells it that she can
take care of her family on her own now she
doesn't need mother's help tears are running
down through her face as she watches mother
caress the head of her brother one last time
the droids outside fall silent mother
has finally called off the attack
daughter looks at the droid she has
known his mother as it bids her goodbye
before she changes her mind daughter pulls
the trigger putting an end to mother forever
back at the camp the woman comes face to face
with one of mother's last remaining droids
the droid greets her and tells her that
she has done her purpose and then kills her
daughter is now alone in the bunker her tears have
dried up as she sings a lullaby to her brother
she cradles him and holds him close as she
realizes that she is now the new mother
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching